[YOTA]
Who is this girl?
And why am I walking her
back to my house right now?
[ODIN humming]
[YOTA]
All right, this is the place.
[HINA] Yea, and indeed
it be as fine a place
as one might find in
this realm. Kudos to thee.
Well I didn't build it,
but thank you.
Hey, I'm home.
Ah, welcome back, dear!
Oh my. She's here.
Hello there! What's your name?
‐‐It's Sato.
‐‐Hi, I'm Sato!
No, I'm a god!
Thou shalt address me as Odin.
Odin. And your
first name dear?
Hina!
Well, hi, Hina!
[HINA]
Be that a smirk?
Huh?
At the surname Sato,
whose bearers
abound in this land
as blooms on the wisteria vine?
Or at "Hina," 'cause it's
the first thing that comes up
when you search for
baby girl names?!
I wasn't even smiling, okay?
Now, Yota. Every name is
a gift from parent to child,
given from a place of love.
Don't laugh at that.
[HINA]
She speaketh true.
Though unto her own
child she would grant
no lesser title than
"bearer of the sun,"
still her words be true.
[TOKIKO] Welcome, Hina.
Stay as long as you like.
Aye. Then to the couch I go.
Are you actually gonna
let her stay here?
Yes, dear. And?
And why? It's not like she's
some long‐lost relative!
Yes, it's exactly like that.
[YOTA gasps] Then why
didn't you know her name?
Mom, is some evil organization
making you do this?
[TOKIKO laughs] Sweetie, come
on, we don't live in a manga.
[YOTA] It actually kinda
feels like we do right now!
[TOKIKO]
You're so silly.
[YOTA] If Dad says no,
that's it, right?
Well he won't.
Yeah. I don't mind
putting her up for a while.
You're on board, too?
Are you guys sick?
What's happening?
[DAICHI] She's young,
family, in need of a home.
We can't say no.
What's wrong with her family?
And how are we even related?
You need to calm down, Yota.
And don't try to pry
into her business, either.
Entrance exams are coming up,
and getting into college
is a big deal for me!
[HINA chuckles]
My thanks for thy hospitality.
[HINA] Ahh! Your mortal kind
sup nightly upon such fare?
I would have made it
a special occasion
if I'd known you'd be here.
Nay, let it suffice, for hunger
is a spice most potent!
I thought you told me
gods didn't get hungry.
Did Sora's club meet today?
Oh, that's right.
She should be‐‐
[SORA]
I'm home! Tired as heck though.
Y'all, someone's here!
And who is this?
Is this, like, cosplay?
Why is there a cosplayer here?
Her oddness is like to
confound even the gods.
Yeah, but you've got no
room to talk about that.
Hina, this is Sora.
And Sora, meet Hina.
Sora? Like "sky"?
Uh, yeah? Why you mad?
And her last name?
It's Narukami,
just like the rest of us.
[HINA screams]
Now there's a sky god?
I'm a real god!
Why's my stupid name so generic?
That's super freaky.
[HINA]
Stop giving them god names!
They're just people!
Give 'em people names!
[DAICHI chuckles] Well, it's
something of a family tradition.
Wait, what's your name, sir?
[DAICHI]
Daichi Narukami.
[HINA screams] You even rule
over the element of earth!
And what about you, ma'am?
Tokiko Narukami!
No, they have dominion
over time, too!
I'm in a house with the rulers
of the sun, sky, the earth,
and the passage of freaking
time, are you kidding me?
[YOTA]
You're really not though.
[SORA] She's literally
creeping me out right now.
Yet I be a god
in name and in fact.
So I charge ye with earning
your names hereafter.
My, what a lively dinner.
This makes me so happy!
Does it really?
Seconds please!
[HINA sighs] Yea, the luxuries
of the human realm
do abound in this place.
Well, there's lots of
people worse off than us,
but is this all new to you?
[HINA]
A good question.
I have no fond memories,
and perhaps those are something
that people need to
live a happy life.
That's not cool.
Were things tough
with your parents?
The relations you speak of.
A god knows nothing of such.
Oh, right. Well, yeah.
We're pretty normal
for the most part.
I'm not sure how long
you're gonna be here.
But you'll settle in quick.
Cease thy fruitless labors now!
That college shall be naught
but dust 30 days hence!
Okay. I can start
a new game for you.
Really?
A game console!
First time seeing one?
And how might one play this?
Should he who beareth
the appellation of "Hero"
not be a level higher than one?
Surely there must be warriors
more suited for
so lofty a title.
High‐level guys might be strong,
but they're not gonna
get much stronger.
And this new guy's
potential... is boundless.
Then the king of this realm doth
demonstrate great foresight!
[YOTA] And that's exactly
what RPGs are all about.
Watching your characters grow.
[HINA] The appeal of
the game is great indeed!
[HINA yawns]
Good night.
[gasps] What? Are you trying
to sleep right here?
Come on!
Hey, Mom! Is there
somewhere for her to sleep?
It is so hard to believe
the day has arrived at last.
Either way, she's adorable.
I'm glad she's here with us.
[DAICHI]
Me, too.
So let's do everything
we can to help her.
[YOTA] Izanami and I have been
together since we were little.
She was already my
"childhood friend"
when we were still
pretty much kids.
Then she lost her
mother to an illness.
After that, she started
walling herself off.
She became more introverted.
Most people couldn't
get a word out of her.
[YOTA]
She and I were still together,
but now it was like she was
always hiding behind me.
[YOTA]
Then we got to middle school.
Which is when the boys
suddenly started noticing her.
[STUDENT 02A]
Please. Would you ask her about
how she feels about me?
Why can't you just
ask her yourself?
Come on, you two are close,
I always see you hanging out!
Please, bro!
Fine, I'll ask her.
So yeah. You interested at all?
[YOTA]
That's a no?
‐‐[YOTA] So yeah.
‐‐[STUDENT 02A groans]
[YOTA] Yeah. My childhood friend
Izanami turned out to be
the prettiest girl in school.
And that was also
when I realized
that my feelings
towards her had changed.
I hadn't thought
of her as a girl,
'cause she was my just
my childhood friend.
But then I suddenly noticed.
No. When I think about it,
I had really always liked her.
But I didn't see it till
the other guys did, too.
I'd known my first love
my whole life.
She'd been by my side
all along, and I'd missed it.
[YOTA] I'd been throwing
myself into basketball,
but I made the
hard choice to quit,
so I could get closer to her.
So which college are
you trying to get into?
Hachiman U.
[YOTA gasps]
She's aiming high!
Oh man, that's so crazy!
I was totally gonna
shoot for the same one!
Well if that's how it is,
maybe we could both study
together during summer break?
[YOTA]
Yes!
And yet...
I really like you, Izanami!
I'm sorry.
[YOTA]
I was rejected.
Thou piteous thing.
And whose fault
do you think that is?
Now, pipe down and
compose thyself.
Ere thou asked had
the plan been hatched.
That really doesn't
inspire much faith.
[HINA] If thou knew not, thy
dear sister hath been charged
to produce a motion
picture in the course of
the coming summer, aye?
I didn't, but Sora's
in the film club,
so I guess that makes sense.
We'll contrive to bring Izanami,
then we cast her
alongside thee and smooch!
Be this love story
to thy liking?
Hell no! That'll only
make her shut me down harder!
Hey, Bro? So like,
help me please?
Well if it's you asking,
that's fine!
Really, now?
But hark, the script
is yet ready.
And it is a work
divinely inspired!
[YOTA sighs]
[SORA]
And... Action!
Well I'm here, but why exactly
are you dressed like that?
There's a giant asteroid
on a collision course
with Earth right now.
[KYOKO gasps]
The only way to alter its
trajectory is to bore a shaft
into it and blow it off course
with a nuclear bomb.
What is this about?
And they needed a drilling
expert, so they hired me,
a veteran
oil‐drilling specialist,
to go into space
and blast that rock!
I never realized you had
done any oil drilling.
When was this?
I was a small child
at the time.
Really? You were
a genuine prodigy!
It's time to go.
Oh my. Your father's
also involved in this?
Yes, he's the supreme
commander of NASA.
Goodness, that's impressive.
You're a whole
family of prodigies.
It's time to go.
Where's it time to go?
[YOTA] I'm about to
board the space shuttle
so we can intercept
the asteroid.
I don't see it.
Is the space shuttle
somewhere close by?
It's right there, out of
sight around the corner.
Then it isn't safe
to stand here.
It's time to go.
Why does your dad keep
saying the same thing?
[YOTA]
I promise I'll be back.
Okay. I need to go h‐‐
So wait for me!
It's time to go.
[KYOKO]
Shouldn't your dad be at work?
I've returned.
From the restroom?
No, from using a nuclear
bomb to blow the asteroid
off course and save our planet.
[KYOKO]
You work quickly.
You're back. Let me
shake your hand, hero.
I would like to go home.
[YOTA]
Mm. That'll be fine.
[KYOKO]
See you tomorrow, then.
[SORA]
Cut!
That's a failure.
[YOTA screams] What would a
success have even looked like?
She takes thee in her arms.
"My hero! Let's go
have some kids!" Nay?
That's ridiculous!
Yea, and the error is certain.
Thy time in space was truncated
such that thy acclaim
felt unwarranted.
Yeah, I know. All I did
was walk around the corner
and then walk back over here.
And this costume is a sauna.
[HINA]
But it cost 4,580 yen!
[YOTA]
That's not that much money!
And yet Sora doth appear
satisfied nevertheless.
This could totally
take the prize!
No it couldn't!
You plagiarized a terrible movie
and then made it worse somehow!
All that's old is
made new again?
Not okay!
What a shame.
Back to the drawing board.
What happened to your face?
Wait for me, beautiful.
[KYOKO]
Huh.
Action!
Final round, fellas! Now fight!
[KYOKO] Your dad still
has a job, right?
[YOTA]
Whoosh! Biff!
Blam! Kerplow! Kabam!
Dis bum's got nothin'!
Sha‐bam!
[YOTA]
Izanami! Izanami!
Will there be a rematch?
Ain't no rematch. Izanami!
Yes, what?
Uh... Izanami! I, uh,
don't really know.
[KYOKO]
Can I go home now?
‐‐Izanam‐‐
‐‐So no, then?
Yeah. Sorry to keep you so long.
Then I'll see you tomorrow.
[SORA]
Cut!
That didn't work.
[GUYS groan]
Yota, as your dad,
I want you to know how much
I regret being a part of this.
I didn't write
the thing, blame Hina!
[ASHURA]
She said it didn't work,
but what were we going for?
She'd rush into
his arms, crying:
"I love you, I love you."
[ALL]
That doesn't make any sense!
Verily, for the story was
once again abridged too far.
Yeah, just like last time.
And yet. Sora nevertheless
doth find it to her liking.
OMG y'all, this could
totally take the prize!
[YOTA]
No way!
You can't show that, I look like
I'm having a mental breakdown!
It would ruin me!
Then it seems I must
pen yet another script.
My work is in
such demand of late.
That or you're hacking
out all these scripts
and forcing us to try
and make them work.
[YOTA]
So what am I?
An artificial man.
[YOTA]
What are these?
Thy inventor did not live
to see thee completed
and hath left thee
with scissors for hands.
[YOTA]
And this?
Well scissors for
hands doesn't have
the kind of impact it used to,
so I thought a beak‐‐
[YOTA] And why would anybody put
a beak on an artificial man?
Why would anybody give
him scissors for hands?
[YOTA] Don't yell at me,
I had nothing to do with it.
The poignant,
heart‐wrenching tale
of a frightful,
yet gentle misfit.
There's no way
she won't go for that!
[YOTA]
She won't.
I'm pretty sure I'm just helping
you kill time at this point.
[HINA] After all I've done for
thee, still thou speakest so?
And indeed, hast thou
not undertaken this
for thy sister's sake?
O‐M‐freakin' G!
[YOTA] Man, I don't
think I've ever seen her
with this kind of energy.
I have to do this!
Wow, creepy.
I wish I had the confidence
to study as little as you do.
[YOTA cries]
[SORA]
Sometimes you see the hill
and something inside
compels you to run to the top.
[YOTA]
Please let it end.
Then so too should thy
endeavor to win her heart.
[YOTA] I think it might
be time to cut my losses
and stop digging
the hole deeper.
And yet, thy sister
is grateful indeed.
[SORA] I'm almost
finished with my video.
"My Brother Will Do
Literally Anything
to Get His Childhood Friend
to Go Out With Him"
is literally almost done!
It's the most humiliating thing
I've ever been a part of
and if you show
the world I'll die!
Watermelon is here!
It's still nice and cool!
Get down here, guys!
It be not summer if
there be not watermelon!
And lo, the season
hath also grown ripe
to put my godly powers
to use for thee.
Can we please let that go?
Knowest thou the sort
of music that her ear
most greatly doth please?
Uh‐‐ Hmm. I guess she doesn't
strike me as a J‐pop fan, but...
Nay, she be a lover
of film, and she findeth
great pleasure in
their soundtracks.
How would you
know that about her?
Surely thou hast not forgot
that I am an omniscient deity?
Uh, yeah, I actually did.
[HINA] Her dream is to be
a music director for movies.
[YOTA] Uh‐‐but I've been friends
with her since we were little
and she's never mentioned that!
Surely at least thou knowest
what she hath said
to thee outright,
that she intends to
major in psychology?
Yeah, but what does
that have to do with
directing music in the movies?
[HINA] Then her textbooks
over the psychology of sound
escaped thy gaze?
Oh, wow. No, I didn't
notice her books at all.
Nay, for thou art a fool.
Well it's way too late
for me to become
that much of a movie buff now.
Yea, verily, and therefore
we must create it.
‐‐What?
‐‐A soundtrack.
‐‐[HINA] Aye.
"Such talent!
What brilliance we could create
if he would compose for me!"
And her heart is thine.
Hey, hold on just a second!
I have no idea
how to write a song!
[HINA] Truly thou art
the greatest of fools.
Before the knowledge of the
gods 'tis a trivial matter!
Uh. But isn't songwriting
less about knowledge
and more about talent?
Nay, an alluring melody
over a heartbreaking
accompaniment?
To a god, the mortal
heart is no mystery.
[HINA cackling]
[YOTA]
Pardon me.
Are we allowed to
try out the instruments?
[SHOP OWNER 02A]
Certainly.
Now hear me!
Um. Hey, hold on a sec.
Is that the song?
My mind grasps it yet
my hands grasp it not.
Once more!
No, no, no.
Even if you did
come up with something,
there's no way I could
play it from memory!
Then where thy
memory faileth thee
shall thy smartphone succeed!
Hurry up 'cause
this is the take!
[YOTA]
Hey there! Yeah, it's me.
I know it's been a while,
but didn't you have a piano?
I was hoping you might
let me play it. So...
[KYOKO]
This is unexpected.
I can't remember the last time
you came to my house.
Yeah, y'know,
sometimes ya just feel like
playing a piano, right?
[KYOKO]
Do you?
I don't think I've
ever seen you do it.
Please sit.
Thank you very much.
What will you be playing?
Let's see. It's about
all the feelings of summer.
All of the laughter and
the anger and the love,
but it's also
kind of bittersweet.
Or at least, that's what
I get out of it, anyway.
An original composition?
Am I gonna witness a miracle?
[YOTA] Dammit. Even after
all that practice,
I still can't get it
all to come out right!
[YOTA]
Huh?
Amazing.
This is what the song
was meant to sound like!
It's good. Did you write this?
[YOTA]
What, me? No way.
How do I say this?
It was... a gift from above.
So I was right. A miracle.
[gasps]
[KYOKO] Are you hoping to
start a career in music?
Oh, no. I'm not.
I'm just hoping
I can pass the test
and get into the same
college as you. And I‐‐
And you?
[gasps]
[YOTA]
Say it! Now is the time!
And I think we should
study more, in the library. Heh.
Good point.
Yes, we certainly should study.
I'll see you there.
[YOTA]
Cool.
[YOTA groans] Even an actual
miracle wasn't enough.
The wings of the gods
bore thee aloft,
and yet thy gumption
failed thee.
Piteous thing,
to be in such a state
even as a god sits at thy side.
[YOTA]
Sorry. But thank you.
Izanami told me
it was a good song.
I thought so, too.
I'd like to hear it
again someday.
Hey, did Sora have club?
[TOKIKO] She's at an
upperclassman's house.
She told me she was heading over
to learn how to
write movie scripts.
Is that right? Well I'm
still kind of worried.
[TOKIKO gasps]
Oh dear, I'm sorry.
Now I'm even more
worried for her!
That plate shattering
felt like it might've been
a bad omen somehow!
That may be so,
for I've felt it. too.
[YOTA gasps]
You did?
[doorbell rings]
[YOTA gasps]
Sora!